fix: update cwt claim definitions (#184)
oauth-wg/draft-ietf-oauth-status-list: draft-ietf-oauth-status-list.md

The following content applies to the JWT Claims Set:

* `sub`: REQUIRED. As generally defined in {{RFC7519}}. The `sub` (subject) claim MUST specify the URI of the Status List Token. The value MUST be equal to that of the `uri` claim contained in the `status_list` claim of the Referenced Token.
* `iat`: REQUIRED. As generally defined in {{RFC7519}}. The `iat` (issued at) claim MUST specify the time at which the Status List Token was issued.
* `exp`: OPTIONAL. As generally defined in {{RFC7519}}. The `exp` (expiration time) claim, if present, MUST specify the time at which the Status List Token is considered expired by its issuer.

> * `ttl`: OPTIONAL. The `ttl` (time to live) claim, if present, MUST specify the maximum amount of time, in seconds, that the Status List Token can be cached by a consumer before a fresh copy SHOULD be retrieved. The value of the claim MUST be a positive number encoded in JSON as a number.

Reviewer: Should we refer to the same rules as exp ?
```suggestion
* `ttl`: OPTIONAL. The `ttl` (time to live) claim, if present, MUST specify the maximum amount of time, in seconds, that the Status List Token can be cached by a consumer before a fresh copy SHOULD be retrieved. Its value MUST be a positive number containing a NumericDate value as defined in {{RFC7519}}.
```

Reviewer 2: ttl is a time duration

The following content applies to the CWT Claims Set:

* `2` (subject): REQUIRED. As generally defined in {{RFC8392}}. The subject claim MUST specify the URI of the Status List Token. The value MUST be equal to that of the `uri` claim contained in the `status_list` claim of the Referenced Token.
* `6` (issued at): REQUIRED. As generally defined in {{RFC8392}}. The issued at claim MUST specify the time at which the Status List Token was issued.
* `4` (expiration time): OPTIONAL. As generally defined in {{RFC8392}}. The expiration time claim, if present, MUST specify the time at which the Status List Token is considered expired by its issuer.

> * `65534` (time to live): OPTIONAL. The time to live claim, if present, MUST specify the maximum amount of time, in seconds, that the Status List Token can be cached by a consumer before a fresh copy SHOULD be retrieved. The value of the claim MUST be a positive number encoded in CBOR as an unsigned integer (Major type 0).

Reviewer: Same as above: Should we re-use the same data type as exp and iat?
```suggestion
* `65534` (time to live): OPTIONAL. The time to live claim, if present, MUST specify the maximum amount of time, in seconds, that the Status List Token can be cached by a consumer before a fresh copy SHOULD be retrieved. The value of the claim MUST be a NumericDate, as defined in Section 2 of {{RFC8392}}
```

> * `65533` (status list): REQUIRED. The status list claim MUST specify the Status List conforming to the rules outlined in [](#status-list-cbor).

Reviewer 2: Should we talk about what CBOR type this is'? (Major Type 0)?

* `65535` (status): REQUIRED. The status claim is encoded as a `Status` CBOR structure and MUST include at least one data item that refers to a status mechanism. Each data item in the `Status` CBOR structure comprises a key-value pair, where the key must be a CBOR text string (Major Type 3) specifying the identifier of the status mechanism, and the corresponding value defines its contents. This specification defines the following data items:
  * `status_list` (status list): REQUIRED when the status list mechanism defined in this specification is used. It has the same definition as the `status_list` claim in [](#referenced-token-jose) but MUST be encoded as a `StatusListInfo` CBOR structure with the following fields:
    * `idx`: REQUIRED. Unsigned integer (Major Type 0) The `idx` (index) claim MUST specify an Integer that represents the index to check for status information in the Status List for the current Referenced Token. The value of `idx` MUST be a non-negative number, containing a value of zero or greater.

>     * `uri`: REQUIRED. Test string (Major Type 3). The `uri` (URI) claim MUST specify a String value that identifies the Status List or Status List Token containing the status information for the Referenced Token. The value of `uri` MUST be a URI conforming to {{RFC3986}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `uri`: REQUIRED. Text string (Major Type 3). The `uri` (URI) claim MUST specify a String value that identifies the Status List or Status List Token containing the status information for the Referenced Token. The value of `uri` MUST be a URI conforming to {{RFC3986}}.
```
